among the thousands of islands that dot
the Philippine archipelago one stands
out the most for its historical
significance an exotic paradise getaways
the southeast of Cebu beautiful in its
own right the ivory shorelines of
delegate is laid out blissfully along
the turquoise waters of Bohol Strait
this charming Haven is but a two-hour
bus ride from Cebu City proper local
transit lines leave every half hour from
Cebu South Terminal then goes down south
to slope passing through delegate found
directly at Cebu is southern coast
delegate is a small municipality well
known for its beaches and antique
churches hailed as the summer capital of
Cebu delegate is home to several public
and private beach resorts
as throw away from town between Losh the
Lakha trees and fine white sand are the
crimson rooftops of Ocean Bay Beach
Resort a privately owned and managed
each resort perfect for relaxation or
fun with family and friends a variety of
rooms awaits guests for the enjoyable
stay at Ocean Bay Beach Resort each room
is built with terraces that have
breathtaking views of the sea complete
with furnishings television sets
air-conditioning units and toilet with
hot and cold shower all rooms provide
absolute comfort and convenience for the
traveler of today affordable cozy and
fully air-conditioned the standard rooms
could accommodate two guests it houses a
cable TV and fridge much like standard
rooms studio rooms are much bigger and
includes a kitchenette
ocean may beach resorts one-bedroom and
two-bedroom family units showcase a
living room complete with coffee tables
and bedrooms with ensuite bathroom
outside is a picnic area and playground
fully furnished and equipped with
amenities of home ocean bay beach
resorts captain's rooms provide a
soothing atmosphere after a fun day
under the Sun it features a satellite TV
split system air conditioning
in Iran says a shower room with jacuzzi
and a private terrace ocean may beach
resort features a covered swimming pool
fenced and roofed
to protect guests from the Sun the pool
can be used for diving instructions at a
push of a button
water checks below the pool surface
create a mild current perfect for
seasoned swimmers and beginners nearby
is a spa and a children's area warm and
inviting the Ocean Bay Beach Resort
gazebo is furnished with a native
setting built directly above the beach
it gives visitors a relaxing feeling as
if floating on water while offering a
wide selection of international and
local dish for breakfast lunch and
dinner the gazebos open era begins gives
a panoramic view of the Sun rising above
the glistening tides of the ocean
another addition is the three barbecue
areas that are scattered around scenic
locations of Ocean Bay Beach Resort each
barbecue area provides a stove and for
small fee these stoves may be used for
guests who want to prepare their own
food at sunset the delicate Beach Cafe
becomes the central gathering point it
offers a wide range of drinks and dish
that satisfies even the most demanding
tastebuds
after a hearty meal guests can enjoy
playing around cool as your water moving
in and out to see lush mountain ranges
living above the horizon these are the
some of the many useful series found
Ocean Bay Beach Resort
welcome to a fun and relaxing corner
sorry